What a charming leprechaun
I'll go back and see how my brother handles you later.
Pay attention to the eyes
If you don't come back
The fairy is mine
Zhuo Yingjin, what do you want to do?
What did you do to him?
I am a scum
But I'm not going to take advantage of it
The old son just sent someone here to kill Xu Shiyao
You say things that even you can't bear
How can he stand being a girl?
He promised me
Won't break the oath
Wake up, your poor mother fell in love with your father at first sight
Against all odds, I had to get married and give birth to you
And then your father is fooling around outside all day
Poisoned your father before forcing your mother to commit suicide
A cycle that even your parents can't escape
How do you think you resist?
Those things have nothing to do with him
The old man has already lost a son
He can't let the same thing happen to you again.
The more you love him
The more dangerous he is
Did you ask someone to set the fire tonight for nothing?
Is it just to put you in danger?
You're going around biting like a maniac!
Just say if you did it.
I do like him.
But I'm not going to do this to you for his family
But if you don't want to hurt him
Really should make a good decision
So what are you going to do next?
Zhou Yanqin Zhou Yanqin, don't die